Documentation/SwiftTestingAttachments.md, before:

# Swift Testing attachment support

Learn how snapshot test failures automatically attach reference images, actual results, and diffs to your test results when using Swift Testing.

## Overview

Starting with Swift 6.2 and Xcode 26, swift-snapshot-testing now supports attachments when running tests with Swift Testing. When a snapshot test fails, the library automatically attaches the reference image, actual result, and a visual diff directly to your test results in Xcode, making it easier to diagnose and fix test failures.

## Requirements

- **Swift 6.2** or later
- **Xcode 26** or later
- Tests must be run using Swift Testing (not XCTest)

## How it works

When a snapshot test fails under Swift Testing:

### Image snapshots

Three attachments are created:
- **reference**: The expected image
- **failure**: The actual image that was captured
- **difference**: A visual diff highlighting the differences

### Text snapshots

One attachment is created:
- **difference.patch**: A unified diff showing the textual changes

## Implementation details

The implementation uses XCTAttachment's userInfo to store image data:
- When running under Swift Testing, it extracts the image data from userInfo and records it via `STAttachments.record()`
- When running under XCTest, it uses the traditional `XCTAttachment` approach
- This ensures backward compatibility while adding new functionality

## Viewing Attachments

### In Xcode
- Attachments appear in the test navigator next to failed tests
- Click on an attachment to preview it inline
- Right-click to export or open in an external viewer

### In CI/Command Line
- Attachments are saved to the `.xcresult` bundle
- Extract with: `xcrun xcresulttool get --path Test.xcresult --id <attachment-id>`
- Or open the `.xcresult` file directly in Xcode

## Example usage

```swift
import Testing
import SnapshotTesting

@Test func testUserProfile() {
    let view = UserProfileView(name: "Alice")

    // If this fails, three attachments will be automatically created
    assertSnapshot(of: view, as: .image)
}
```

## Backward compatibility

- Code using XCTest continues to work unchanged
- Swift versions before 6.2 will use XCTAttachment (no Swift Testing attachments)
- The feature is conditionally compiled based on Swift version

## Notes

- Attachments are non-copyable and can only be attached once per test.
- The attachment system respects the test's source location for better debugging.
- Empty images and corrupted data are handled gracefully.

Commit message:

Add file extensions to Swift Testing attachments and improve performance
- Add file extensions to attachment names (reference.png, failure.png, difference.png)
- Use pathExtension from Snapshotting to determine correct extension
- Improve performance by reusing already-computed failure message instead of recomputing diff
- Update documentation to accurately describe the recreation approach
- Add comprehensive documentation to STAttachments helper

This fixes the issue where Xcode couldn't display attachment previews because
the files had no extension. Now attachments are properly named with extensions
based on the snapshot type (png, txt, etc.).

Performance improvement: The default case now uses the failure message already
computed at line 459 instead of calling snapshotting.diffing.diff() again.

Documentation/SwiftTestingAttachments.md, after:

# Swift Testing attachment support

Learn how snapshot test failures automatically attach reference images, actual results, and diffs to your test results when using Swift Testing.

## Overview

Starting with Swift 6.2 and Xcode 26, swift-snapshot-testing now supports attachments when running tests with Swift Testing. When a snapshot test fails, the library automatically attaches the reference image, actual result, and a visual diff directly to your test results in Xcode, making it easier to diagnose and fix test failures.

## Requirements

- **Swift 6.2** or later
- **Xcode 26** or later
- Tests must be run using Swift Testing (not XCTest)

## How it works

When a snapshot test fails under Swift Testing:

### Image snapshots

Three attachments are created:
- **reference**: The expected image
- **failure**: The actual image that was captured
- **difference**: A visual diff highlighting the differences

### Text snapshots

One attachment is created:
- **difference.patch**: A unified diff showing the textual changes

## Implementation details

The implementation recreates attachment data from the original source values:
- `XCTAttachment` doesn't expose its internal data (userInfo is always nil), so we recreate it from the snapshot's reference and diffable values
- For image attachments, we call `snapshotting.diffing.toData()` on the reference/failure values
- For difference images, we regenerate the visual diff using the internal `diff()` functions
- When running under XCTest, it uses the traditional `XCTAttachment` approach
- This ensures backward compatibility while adding Swift Testing support

## Viewing Attachments

### In Xcode
- Attachments appear in the test navigator next to failed tests
- Click on an attachment to preview it inline
- Right-click to export or open in an external viewer

### In CI/Command Line
- Attachments are saved to the `.xcresult` bundle
- Extract with: `xcrun xcresulttool get --path Test.xcresult --id <attachment-id>`
- Or open the `.xcresult` file directly in Xcode

## Example usage

```swift
import Testing
import SnapshotTesting

@Test func testUserProfile() {
    let view = UserProfileView(name: "Alice")

    // If this fails, three attachments will be automatically created
    assertSnapshot(of: view, as: .image)
}
```

## Backward compatibility

- Code using XCTest continues to work unchanged
- Swift versions before 6.2 will use XCTAttachment (no Swift Testing attachments)
- The feature is conditionally compiled based on Swift version

## Notes

- Attachments are non-copyable and can only be attached once per test.
- The attachment system respects the test's source location for better debugging.
- Empty images and corrupted data are handled gracefully.
